hello guys this is a new series of the
747 tutorial so this is a start up
tutorial and here we go so first we are
going to do 3d cockpit okay we're going
to go up to the start up just on to the
right of you and you'll see it there now
you pull them back and they will start
up so just you have to wait like 10
seconds and then you can look good then
the other ones get that on
okay we are going to this one and we are
having our losses
okay now our battery is off so let's
start out APU so I'll actually put up
the whole battery on so everything just
turns out now we are going to turn on an
APU and trying to close it but it
doesn't really work so we'll start up
the AP so you pull it once and you pull
twice hold it for 10 seconds like the
engine startup okay now we are gone feel
stuff ready now going to put down an
hour battery there's a helicopter
p in here you know putting it all out
lights so i can get it ready now i'm
going to put on a battery so which is up
and put it on order um i'm not putting
on the GPU it is it's I'd know where it
is on the 747 so we're just going to put
it on to order and we are going to put
in our place our destination we're going
to Sydney so why ask this why if you
can't find the Y you pull your speed
back down you can push it back up okay
but why is this one push it back up on
now now I'm brisbane international
airport it's a look at me a small hop so
we are just
getting all our stuff ready check
everything's on everything look back and
you can actually go downstairs and once
it down Stacy can find a couple of doors
if you're in the 3d cockpit and once it
downstairs you can click on the wall and
it will open so all my lights are on and
it's late in the afternoon so tonight we
would need these lights on so put it on
before it's nap time and my engines are
on so that's good now i'm going to ask
for taxi okay runway 01 clear so we're
gonna go push back shift backspace
that's my control here you pick your
controls if you push push back and we
are pushing back thank you for watching
and my next video will be a takeoff
video i am the expo news oh and thank
you for watching